_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
  - /projects.html
  - /projects/
---

Hi 👋, I'm Alex, a passionate software developer interested in machine learning, cybersecurity, web development, and all things tech. I recently graduated from [Durham University](https://www.durham.ac.uk/) with a First-Class Honours BSc in Computer Science, achieving one of the highest marks in my cohort.

Over the past two years, alongside my studies, I have been working for [Revector](http://revector.com/), on the Raven Project, developing IMSI catchers and WiFi intelligence solutions for search and rescue and counterterrorism operations. Additionally, I have undertaken several freelance web development projects and interned multiple times within HMG, focusing on cybersecurity work. 

I have participated and won funding in several hackathon and startup competitions:

- 3rd Place - [Encode London Hackathon](https://www.encode.club/) (Won $5000 ICP), 2024
- 3rd Place - [Game Changer Startup Competition COP28](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/aislinn-de-buitleir-139645214_this-weekend-was-the-game-changer-entrepreneurial-activity-7125081514555404288-wd99?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop), 2024
- 1st Place - [Cyber 9/12 Strategy Challenge](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7034659955408293888-yC9P?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop), 2023
- Winner - [Durhack](https://durhack.com/) Domain.com challenge, 2022
- 3rd Place - [Durham University Bright Ideas Challenge](https://www.linkedin.com/company/durham-university-venture-lab/), 2022

If you're interested in my work, would like to collaborate, or just want to connect, feel free to reach out.

## Projects
Some recent projects I have worked on over the last few years, some are personal projects, others were part of my Computer Science degree / are pending publication.

<div class="project-grid">

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/proofofpaymentlogo.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/proof-of-paint">Proof of Paint - Encode London Hackathon</a></strong>
    <p>Blockchain / dApp / Won $5000 ICP prize</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/diss">A Lightweight Real-Time Person Detection System for Aerial Search and Rescue</a></strong> 
    <p>Deep Learning / Computer Vision</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/rl.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/ReinforcementLearning">Matching the highest score in Open AI's Bipedal Walker</a></strong>
    <p>Reinforcement Learning</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/diff.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/DeepLearning">Diffusion Model From Scratch < 1mill Parameters</a></strong>
    <p>Generative AI</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/Cryptography">Implementing & Cracking LWE Encryption</a></strong>
    <p>Post-Quantum Cryptography</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/BookBuddy">Book Buddy - Book Recommendation System</a></strong>
    <p>Graph Neural Networks / Recommender Systems</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://haii2023.vercel.app/">Human-AI Interaction Diary</a></strong>
    <p>Web App, Svelte, Svelte-Kit</p>
  </div>
</div>

</div>

<style>
.project-grid {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  gap: 20px;
}

.project {
  width: 30%;
  text-align: center;
}

.project-thumbnail {
  width: 100%;
  height: auto;
}

.project-info {
  margin-top: 10px;
}

.project-info a {
  text-decoration: none;
  color: inherit;
}
</style>

Commit message:

add in starling bank in bio

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
  - /projects.html
  - /projects/
---

Hi 👋, I'm Alex, a passionate software developer interested in machine learning, cybersecurity, web development, and all things tech.

I currently work [Starling Bank](https://www.starlingbank.com/) but I used to work for [Revector](http://revector.com/), on the Raven Project, developing IMSI catchers and WiFi intelligence solutions for search and rescue and counterterrorism operations.

I have participated and won funding in several hackathon and startup competitions:

- 3rd Place - [Encode London Hackathon](https://www.encode.club/) (Won $5000 ICP), 2024
- 3rd Place - [Game Changer Startup Competition COP28](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/aislinn-de-buitleir-139645214_this-weekend-was-the-game-changer-entrepreneurial-activity-7125081514555404288-wd99?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop), 2024
- 1st Place - [Cyber 9/12 Strategy Challenge](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7034659955408293888-yC9P?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop), 2023
- Winner - [Durhack](https://durhack.com/) Domain.com challenge, 2022
- 3rd Place - [Durham University Bright Ideas Challenge](https://www.linkedin.com/company/durham-university-venture-lab/), 2022

If you're interested in my work, would like to collaborate, or just want to connect, feel free to reach out.

## Projects
Some recent projects I have worked on over the last few years, some are personal projects, others were part of my Computer Science degree / are pending publication.

<div class="project-grid">

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/proofofpaymentlogo.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/proof-of-paint">Proof of Paint - Encode London Hackathon</a></strong>
    <p>Blockchain / dApp / Won $5000 ICP prize</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/diss">A Lightweight Real-Time Person Detection System for Aerial Search and Rescue</a></strong> 
    <p>Deep Learning / Computer Vision</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/rl.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/ReinforcementLearning">Matching the highest score in Open AI's Bipedal Walker</a></strong>
    <p>Reinforcement Learning</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <img src="_pages/diff.gif" class="project-thumbnail">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/DeepLearning">Diffusion Model From Scratch < 1mill Parameters</a></strong>
    <p>Generative AI</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/Cryptography">Implementing & Cracking LWE Encryption</a></strong>
    <p>Post-Quantum Cryptography</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://github.com/xanderread/BookBuddy">Book Buddy - Book Recommendation System</a></strong>
    <p>Graph Neural Networks / Recommender Systems</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="project">
  <div class="project-info">
    <strong><a href="https://haii2023.vercel.app/">Human-AI Interaction Diary</a></strong>
    <p>Web App, Svelte, Svelte-Kit</p>
  </div>
</div>

</div>

<style>
.project-grid {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  gap: 20px;
}

.project {
  width: 30%;
  text-align: center;
}

.project-thumbnail {
  width: 100%;
  height: auto;
}

.project-info {
  margin-top: 10px;
}

.project-info a {
  text-decoration: none;
  color: inherit;
}
</style>
